ADL_WORKBENCH NEWS (see Help menu > News)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

ADL Workbench is now available for Linux, as well as for Windows and Mac OS X Tiger and Leopard.
The version number now has a fourth part, identifying the revision from which it was built.
The application icon is now the openEHR logo.

A new differential form of archetype implements the specialisation semantics partially documented in the openEHR Archetype Semantics PDF.
There are new options to build (i.e. parse and validate) the whole repository tree (or sub-trees thereof).
All errors and warnings that occur while building are shown at the bottom in a new Errors list.
Specialisations are displayed more simply in the repository explorer.
Opening an archetype ad hoc now grafts it into the repository explorer.
HTML is no longer generated as a by-product of the Test view, but by an explicit function under the Tools menu.
HTML is generated into its own tree, not side-by-side with the ADL source files.

In the Test view, you can select and deselect entire sub-hierarchies of archetypes.
The Definition tab has two new sub-tabs to show the archetype's slots, as well as which other archetypes it is used by.
In the Options dialog, you can choose to hide the line numbers in the Source text.
The Options dialog is now accessed via a Windows-standard Tools menu.
The Save combo box has been replaced by a standard choice in the Save As dialog.
Usability via the keyboard and the mouse wheel has been improved.
The splash screen is improved in appearance; it shows sooner and it disappears as soon as the main window is shown.

Fixed occasional wrong display of Unicode in the Node Map.
Fixed bug on Mac OS X where the splitter would jump to the left edge of the window.
Fixed bug on Mac OS X where the mouse pointer became a white square after clicking the repository explorer.
Fixed bug on Mac OS X where some controls were difficult to use and some captions were hard to read because they were too small.
Fixed bug on Mac OS X where the Edit and Online Help options did not work with the default configuration.

See http://www.openehr.org/svn/ref_impl_eiffel/TRUNK/apps/doc/adl_workbench_help.htm for help.
